All scripts used for VR are implemented as State Behaviour C# scripts to be attached to actions within an animation controller

For the randomizationVR script, it should be attached to a neutral pose file in the animation controller. This file is just a short snippet of the avatar facing forward with their arms to the side in a neutral position. All other actions should "branch off" from the selected neutral action file in the animation controller with transitions to and from the neutral pose. For correct functionality of the script, the following transition structure must be correct (including parameter names, capitalizations, etc.). For the transitions to each action, there should be a "random_index" parameter, where the specific value for each action should match the actions index in the methods section. There should also be trigger parameters called "End" and "Next". The "End" parameter will activate automatically after approximately 5 seconds in the neutral pose and the "Next" parameter allows experimentors to trigger the next randomized action after the participant is finished responding to the given action. For each transition back to the neutral pose from a given action, the same "End" trigger parameter should be used to automatically return the avatar back to the neutral pose after 30 seconds. The approximate animation controller structure is attached as an image in the VR scripts folder of this repository.

For the looper script, it must be attached to EVERY participant action in the animation controller. It allows actions to be played for exactly 30 seconds. If the action is less than 30 seconds, it will play the action multiple time until 30 seconds is reached. If the action is more than 30 second, the script with end the action at the 30 second point.
